Whenever you want to join the military, then you have to go to one of
the different service branches. So there's one in every major city,
sometimes there are two. So you go into whichever one you feel you might
most be fitted for. I actually tried to join the airforce at first,
but I ended up in the Navy. There's gonna be somebody behind a
desk that's going to you know say can you please have a seat, so why
do you want to join? What kinds of things interest you? They'll ask
lots of questions about like how did in high school, what your interests
are, and see if you're a good fit. They're also trying to see
if you have a kind of criminal background and if you seem maybe uncommitted,
they'll probably push you to the side. But they want to give
everybody a chance so after you have your initial conversation with
him, he'll ask you to take a practice test. It could be right there
at that same time. So the recruiter will guide you to another room
and the test is kind of like a little mini scholostic achievement test,
a mini SAT. It has a little bit of physics there, math there, a
little bit of english there, just general things. So you don't have
to be scared of the test, it's not a pass or fail. It's more like what
types of jobs you can have. So you take the test and where you score
he'll say he has a list of maybe sixty, seventy jobs these are
the ones that you qualify for. If you don't qualify for the job you
want, then you're allowed to practice a little bit more. He'll give
you some resources that you can use to study. But by that time if you
are decided on the type of job that you want, that you're willing
to do, then he will take you to, he or she will take you to this thing
called MEPS, it's military entrance processing place that you can
go to with lots of other people who are interested in joining the military
to take the real test. The real test is nice and quiet, it's
a lot longer, it's very comprehensive, and that's when they can offer
you the real job. They'll probably serve you some breakfast in the
morning it's an all day thing, and assuming that you pass the test
on that same day, they can also have, get you through medical at that
time which means that they'll check your eyes, check your dental,
make sure that you're physically fit to go through it, and maybe the
entire recruiting process could take maybe a week, maybe even a couple
of days I have heard. But for me it took several months. They have
you in this thing called delayed entrance processing where you do
your test, you figure out the job that you want and maybe you don't
have to join the service until a good time for them, which could be
like a year later or maybe after your high school, after you graduate
high school or after you finish your job or something like that.